>> Todd Gardner: Hello,
thanks for joining me today.
We're gonna have some fun.
We're gonna talk about web performance,
why your site needs to be fast,
how fast it needs to be,
and how to get it there.
Does that sound good?
Awesome, let's get started.
Okay, here's how we're gonna
break down this workshop.
We're gonna talk for a while about
the importance of web performance,
why you need it,
why you should focus on it.
Then we're gonna talk about measuring it,
and this is gonna get really in depth.
We're gonna talk about all
the different metrics,
all the different ways you can collect
this data, and what this data means.
Then we're gonna talk about testing and
tools.
We're gonna talk about the common things
you'll use to do web performance work.
We'll talk about setting
appropriate goals for your website,
how fast your site needs to be.
And how we're gonna spend a lot of time
focusing on improving web performance.
For each metric,
how fast does it need to be, and
what are tactics that you'll
use to get your website there?
Along the way, we got a couple of bonuses,
we're gonna talk about how
to read a waterfall chart,
how to read a flame chart, and some basic
information about statistics and data.
Which are not necessarily web performance
related, but they're really going to help
you in understanding the tools and
understanding your data.
What are you gonna need for this?
If you wanna follow along with our
examples, which you don't necessarily have
to, but the course,
it will be a lot better if you do.
You're gonna need a Github account.
You're gonna need a recent
version of Google Chrome,
but anything you see might be
a little different if you're running
a newer or an older version of it.
Because the Chrome team changes these
sort of things around a whole lot.
And our example app is
gonna run on Node 20.
It might run on older, it might run
on newer, it definitely runs on 20.
Our example application
is this e-commerce store.
If you wanna pull it down,
you can get it at bit.ly/fund-web-perf.
There's probably also a link
somewhere in the course.
You'll pull down the Github repo,
npm install, get everything going.
If you're watching the recording of this,
you probably wanna pause now and
download that and get it going.
Who am I?
My name is Todd.
I have been a Software Engineer
in one form or
another since 2002, so, a long time.
I'm an old timer.
I've been at Frontend Master since 2017.
I've been doing Frontend Masters
courses for a long time.
Outside of that,
I'm also a consultant and a trainer.
I've worked for a lot of big corporations,
I've done trainings at a lot of
conferences and
a lot of private corporations.
And I founded two software
as a service companies.
I also founded a company called TrackJS,
which does JavaScript error monitoring.
So I learned all kinds of things about
how JavaScript fails and how to fix it.
Probably more relevant to our
course today is my second company,
which is called Request Metrics,
which is web performance monitoring.
So I help companies all around the world
improve the performance of their websites
and their web applications and see all
different ways that websites get slow.
And I've condensed a bunch of learning
from that over the past five or
six years into this course today.
If you wanna get in touch with me,
learn more about me and what I do,
you can get me at bit.ly/sup-todd,
or this URL link,
it's got contact information for
me, my socials, all the stuff I do.
That's how to get in touch with me.